Obsolete builtin scheduler (#5773)
Particular/NServiceBus: src/NServiceBus.Core.Tests/ApprovalFiles/APIApprovals.ApproveNServiceBus.approved.txt

        protected override void ConfigureHowToFindSaga(NServiceBus.IConfigureHowToFindSagaWithMessage sagaMessageFindingConfiguration) { }
        protected abstract void ConfigureHowToFindSaga(NServiceBus.SagaPropertyMapper<TSagaData> mapper);
    }

>     [System.ObsoleteAttribute("The builtin scheduler is no longer supported, see our upgrade guide for details o" +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [System.ObsoleteAttribute("The built-in scheduler is no longer supported, see our upgrade guide for details o" +
```

        "n how to migrate to plain .NET Timers. Will be removed in version 9.0.0.", true)]
    public class static ScheduleExtensions
    {
        public static System.Threading.Tasks.Task ScheduleEvery(this NServiceBus.IMessageSession session, System.TimeSpan timeSpan, System.Func<NServiceBus.IPipelineContext, System.Threading.Tasks.Task> task) { }
        public static System.Threading.Tasks.Task ScheduleEvery(this NServiceBus.IMessageSession session, System.TimeSpan timeSpan, string name, System.Func<NServiceBus.IPipelineContext, System.Threading.Tasks.Task> task) { }
    }

>     [System.ObsoleteAttribute("The builtin scheduler is no longer supported, see our upgrade guide for details o" +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [System.ObsoleteAttribute("The built-in scheduler is no longer supported, see our upgrade guide for details o" +
```

    {
        protected override void Setup(NServiceBus.Features.FeatureConfigurationContext context) { }
    }

>     [System.ObsoleteAttribute("The builtin scheduler is no longer supported, see our upgrade guide for details o" +

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    [System.ObsoleteAttribute("The built-in scheduler is no longer supported, see our upgrade guide for details o" +
```
